To use the program first one must write an info file, containing information the program needs to run effectively.

All lines of the info file will contain one number followed by a new line.

The 0th line contains the name you want for the output file.
The 1st line contains the length of 1 pixel in microns in the x direction.
The 2nd line contains the length of 1 pixel in microns in the y direction.
The 3rd line contains the length of 1 pixel in microns in the z direction.
The 4th line contains the width of the tubing interior in pixels.
The 5th line contains the height of the tubing interior in pixels
The 6th line contains the x coordinate of the top left hand corner of the square that fully contains the interior of the tubing.
The 7th line contains the y coordinate of the top left hand corner of the square that fully contains the interior of the tubing.
(These above 3 values can be obtained by opening the first image to be analysed in an editing program and drawing a 
square around the interior of the tubing such that it is fully contained within the square, and the 4 edges intersect
tangentially with the circumference of the tubing interior.  This should be done as precisely as possible, but these
values are used only for error detection, not for calculating the actual output values.)
The 8th line contains the index of the first picture to be analysed.
The 9th line contains the index of the last picture to be analysed.
The 10th line contains the period for producing renders of the pixels the program considered biofilm in a particular image.
If this number is 0, renders will only be generated for images where an error might have occurred. Otherwise a render will
be generated every x images. (Recommended ~ #images/10)  If this number is low, the program will run significantly slower.
The 11th line contains the minimum number of adjoining pixels for a group of pixels to be considered biofilm. Based on
data, this number is recommended at 20 (!!)
The 12th line contains the maximum pixel brightness for the interior tubing fill algorithm.  Based on data, this number
is recommended at 45 (!!)
The 13th line contains the path and name of the folder containing the images to be analysed. Case sensitive. Use double
blackslashes. 
(eg. 'C:\\Users\\Bob\\Pictures\\Biofilm images' no quotes)

The file must be called info.txt (a text file) and be included in the same directory as the program itself.
An example info.txt file is included (Note that running the program with the example info file will very likely return
incorrect values.)

Rendered images will be primarily black and white, black pixels not being counted as biofilm, while white pixels were counted.
A red circle will be drawn representing the walls of the tubing as given by the user in the radius/x,y coordinates.  The
renders are designed to be used to guarantee that the program is giving an honest accounting of biofilm size.  If a render
signifies that the program has made an error in identifying biomass areas, this can be fixed by clearly demarcating the
wall of the tubing with thin black lines where the biofilm meets the walls of the tubing (if in doubt, a complete circle
can be drawn separating the biofilm from the tubing walls).  If the program has identified biofilm outside the tubing interior,
this can be clarified by drawing a WHITE line around walls of the tubing where the biofilm was identified outside the
tubing interior.